This is important to do the first time you pull from github, or when updating version of Unity. 

When making a new project (which will be created from this template), we only push necessary files to Github and not those that do not have an effect on the development of the project. This means we'll have to create those files before we start working remotely on a project.

Whenever we need to upgrade version, or add some things that are the same for all projects, we can adjust it to the template file. Then all new created projects will autmatically have the same.

Here is how to do it:

1. On your remote device you have access to the important files on github for the template, but not a complete Unity project. Pull from github so you have the files stored on your remote device
5. Open Unity on you remote device in same version as the source of the project (VR Desktop with Unity version 2017.3.1f1)
6. Create a new Unity 3D project (temporarily) next to the map where the files of the template are located
7. When building is finished, close Unity and open the new temporarily project folder, press ctrl + A and copy everything inside this folder
8. Go to the folder of the template (which is incomplete) and paste everything. !!!The device will prompt to ask wether you you to overwrite already existing files or skip them. Make sure you SKIP THE ALREADY EXISTING FILES. Do not overwrite.
9. Delete the temporarily project you created for generating the missing project files. (Do not push this to github. If you have pushed, see beneath*)
10. Go in the folder "Unity_Template_Project"
11. Delete the sln file named after the folder (Unity_Template_Project.sln => this will be generated for each new project when opening in Unity. We don't need this file in other projects. Every time you open the template in Unity, delete the sln file as it will be regenerated.)

In case of pushing something unwanted to github, do next steps:
1. Delete the file/folder from you device
2. "git add ."
3. "git commit -a -m "delete X"
4. push to github